# Movie-Polling-System

The following project is about an online polling system regarding movies. Here, the voters will be able to cast their vote on different movies. 

In the registration section, only user can register by completing all the required information such as name, phone number, email, address and password. User can't use the same phone number in the registration section if he used this before for registration. The user will get to see suggestions while typing in the address bar. After completing the registration he will be able to login in the webpage. And there, he has to give his correct email and password to login. After logging in, the voter will be able to see the Homepage. Here, he will get a proper guideline about what he can do, just by clicking the “Go to info” button which will make their task easier. The voter will get to select different genres of movies such as Thriller, Action, and Drama. For each particular genre, there are several movies given with proper description, ratings and the trailer. The user will get to give personal rating and also drop a comment. The user will be able to view his profile and the movies he had voted for, in the profile section. He will also be able to update his profile. The voter will be able to contact the organization, by simply going into the contact section. 

In the admin’s portion, after logging as an admin, the admin will be able to view users’ information, votes, comments, and ratings. Thriller, action, drama buttons will show specific movie votes by taking to another page. Logout button will end the session and log out. Menu bar showing current page and side bar to switch between pages. Help button to show help done with JSON. While adding a new admin, already taken emails can’t be picked done with Ajax. Admin can add movie dynamically from this page. Admin can see his profile and also update it.
